README.md, before:

# Hydro CSS [![Build Status][travis-img]][travis-url] [![Gitter][gitter-img]][gitter-url]

### A simple framework for building complex websites.
Hydro CSS is an extremely light and agnostic framework written in [Sass](https://github.com/sass/sass). It’s aim is to not impose on the developer by providing only a small number of components and settings, while still being comprehensive enough to build even the most complex website.

## Features

#### Built with Sass.
The CSS framework is built with the Sass language. This allows us to implement extreme configuration and smart algorithms to keep generated styles extremely small. There are some seriously cool functions in this framework!

#### Powerful responsive modules.
More than just responsive grids, this framework provides dead simple ways to layout anything you can imagine.

#### Minimal API and high reusability.
Forget having to remember a million different settings and class names. There is a large focus on the reusability of styles, so while the number of modules is small they make up for it in their incredible versitility.

#### Unopinionated styles.
Say no to bloat! Hydro CSS separates theme styles from the core. This lets you easily style the site the way you want it without having to wrestle with your framework. Don’t like a module? Just turn it off by a single setting.

#### Supports IE8 — no joke
Why? Because we could. We also don’t hold our sanity to as high of a regard as most people.

## Documentation

## Contributing

Please read through our [contributing guidelines](contributing-url).

## Creator

**Benjamin Fleming**
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/benjfleming)
- [Github](https://github.com/benjamminf)

## [License][license-url]
Copyright 2014-2015 Hydro Web Limited. Code is released under [the MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

[license-url]: https://github.com/HydroWeb/hydro-css/blob/master/LICENSE
[contributing-url]: https://github.com/HydroWeb/hydro-css/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/HydroWeb/hydro-css
[travis-img]: https://img.shields.io/travis/HydroWeb/hydro-css.svg?style=flat-square
[gitter-url]: https://gitter.im/HydroWeb/hydro-css
[gitter-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/gitter-join%20chat-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square

Commit message:

Info on docs and rearranged some links

README.md, after:

# Hydro CSS [![Build Status][travis-img]][travis-url] [![Gitter][gitter-img]][gitter-url]

### A simple framework for building complex websites.
Hydro CSS is an extremely light and agnostic framework written in [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/). It’s aim is to not impose on the developer by providing only a small number of components and settings, while still being comprehensive enough to build even the most complex website.

## Features

#### Built with Sass.
The CSS framework is built with the Sass language. This allows us to implement extreme configuration and smart algorithms to keep generated styles extremely small. There are some seriously cool functions in this framework!

#### Powerful responsive modules.
More than just responsive grids, this framework provides dead simple ways to layout anything you can imagine.

#### Minimal API and high reusability.
Forget having to remember a million different settings and class names. There is a large focus on the reusability of styles, so while the number of modules is small they make up for it in their incredible versitility.

#### Unopinionated styles.
Say no to bloat! Hydro CSS separates theme styles from the core. This lets you easily style the site the way you want it without having to wrestle with your framework. Don’t like a module? Just turn it off by a single setting.

#### Supports IE8 — no joke
Why? Because we could. We also don’t hold our sanity to as high of a regard as most people.

## [Documentation][docs-url]

The documentation is only the API generated by [SassDocs](http://sassdoc.com/) at the moment. Guides and examples are being written as we speak!

## Contributing

Please read through our [contributing guidelines](contributing-url).

## Creator

**Benjamin Fleming**
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/benjfleming)
- [Github](https://github.com/benjamminf)

## [License][license-url]
Copyright 2014-2015 Hydro Web Limited. Code is released under [the MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

[docs-url]: http://hydroweb.github.io/hydrocss/
[license-url]: https://github.com/HydroWeb/hydro-css/blob/master/LICENSE
[contributing-url]: https://github.com/HydroWeb/hydro-css/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/HydroWeb/hydro-css
[travis-img]: https://img.shields.io/travis/HydroWeb/hydro-css.svg?style=flat-square
[gitter-url]: https://gitter.im/HydroWeb/hydro-css
[gitter-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/gitter-join%20chat-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square
